Update Unbonding (#1285)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/maintain-guides-how-to-unbond.md

on Kusama as it is on Polkadot.

Once this process is complete, you will have to issue another, final transaction: Withdraw Unbonded.

![Unbonding withdraw](/img/NPoS/unbond5.png)

You can also check how long you have to wait in order to withdraw your stake in the
[Accounts](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/?rpc=wss%3A%2F%2Frpc.polkadot.io#/accounts) page by

> expanding your account balance. There is a tiny icon beside the "unbonding" would eventually become

Reviewer: ```suggestion
expanding your account balance. There is a tiny icon beside the word "unbonding" that will eventually become
```
